very good girls very good boy would be
printed we are in a new news and
is that the chief of communication of th q
a company that is currently in
bankruptcy has spoken and said that
believes that the call of duty has eliminated what
I did what made the genre great
fps the truth is that he came in a boss
communications of th that has spoken
recently about the current situation
of the shooters genre at first
person that I think so much has
overexploited in this generation has
been however the genre bomb of
genus that has sold more millions of
videogames in this generation and that has
had an exponential growth because
he has commented that there are tendencies
that are defined by the public and
the media and its success
depends to the extent of us not of
the players
and logically this has been tried
copy the communications head says
that can not talk about far cry or hitman
because he has not played them personally
but he says yes he has been able to play
additional et and who has enjoyed it
very much and that particularly
Glad your call of duty success has
commented that he has defined the genre
erasing from players' memory
games so mythical and that should
have played it because there are many people
young today who has not played
half of life for forgiveness and half life
system shock or golden age and really and
truly, I particularly
young people who have not played these
games have life and this type of games
that I tried it to prove it because
you are really losing a game that
it's worth it's his years but he has
good quality
says the communications chief that I do not know
you need military equipment in these
games in hub light system shock the goal
dni and that what they were trying to do
they created these games was a world
fantastic and that no weapons were needed
it's worth bioshock or souls as a base point
ok bioshock infinite think that
he is also doing something totally
different wants to do something different
just like the next subway game that
has elements of stealth and gives the
feeling of being completely alone
well, in part, I think that the boss
of communications that's right now
that there are mythical games that try to
you have to try them
for example the bioshock saga is a game
you have to try it you have to play
the first because the same game by
gross to me gave me that feeling
abducts you inside is how you are part
of history and this is a sensation
that for example the bioshock is one of
the few video games that has
transmitted that to me is
very important and is already losing
this essence of video games that
the same game gives you something you do not know
imply this in the story and
truly few games nowadays
I think I give you that feeling and that's what
you produce and that's what
truly makes a game really
good and now if it exists if sharing is
my opinion but I want as always
in the description you tell me why
for us it is very important that we
give your opinion and that you comment on
all your videos are worth more than
the likes and above all else
important to us is that we
comment you give us your opinion and that
because we want to know the truth is what
good about this so nothing guys anymore
you know like and favorites and see you in
The next